A class to hold n-vectors and altitudes

"An N-vector is a normal Vector that points out from the surface of the WGS-84 reference ellipsoid. The normal vector is combined with an altitude which represents the distance above (or below) the reference ellipsoid (note this is the distance above sea level as sea level is defined as the surface of the ellipsoid in WGS-84).    The n-vector and altitude together precisely define a position on Earth. The n-vector should be a unit vector (i.e. a vector with a magnitude = 1). The altitude should be in meters.    Why we need this:  In dead reckoning calculations we need to take a position and add a velocity vector to it. Drones often stay at constant elevations as they travel around the Earth. This is a problem when using p-vectors and velocity vectors. The instantaneous velocity is tangent to the reference ellipsoid and thus follows the curvature of the Earth. In aviation it is common to use n-vectors because there is a nice formula that addresses this exact problem. This also makes programming easier when considering edge cases like a drone flying east near the meridian where longitude = 180 degrees. Using latitude and longitude for this calculation requires special logic to handle the transition to longitude = -179.9999... degrees but no special logic is required when using n-vectors. N-vectors also handle gracefully the poles where longitude is undefined. For more information about n-vectors see [this article|http://www.navlab.net/Publications/A_Nonsingular_Horizontal_Position_Representation.pdf]      The following instance fields are needed in the nvector class:  * x - the x component of the n-vector  * y - the y component of the n-vector  * z - the z component of the n-vector  * altitude - the distance above sea level in meters    The following methods are needed in the n-vector class:  * toLla - takes no arguments and maps the n-vector and altitude to a latitude  longitude and altitude.  * toPvec - takes no arguments and maps the n-vector and altitude to an X  Y  and Z coordinate in the WGS-84 reference frame.  "